bpo-40024: Add PyModule_AddType() helper function (#19088)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/module.rst

   Add a string constant to *module*.

.. c:function:: int _PyModule_AddType(PyObject *module, PyTypeObject *type)

   Add an type object to *module*. The name of the type object is taken from
   the last component of :c:member:`~PyTypeObject.tp_name` after dot.

>    Return ``-1`` on error, ``0`` on success.

Reviewer: Mention also that PyType_Ready() is called on the type. Maybe mention that this function combines PyType_Ready(), _PyType_Name() and PyModule_AddObject().

   Add a string constant to *module*.

.. c:function:: int PyModule_AddType(PyObject *module, PyTypeObject *type)

   Add an type object to *module*. This function calls :c:func:`PyType_Ready`,

>    :c:func:`_PyType_Name()` and :c:func:`PyModule_AddObject()` internally.

Reviewer: I checked _PyType_Name(): it's not documented. Usually, we avoid mentioning private functions in the public documentation. Instead, the behavior can be document: exactly what you did.

```suggestion
   Add a type object to *module*.
   The type object is finalized by calling internally :c:func:`PyType_Ready`.
```
